README.md, before:

This my git assignment on the project. 
I have dully watched the video and understood it very well.
Ask me questions relating to it, I will answer to the best of my knowledge.
Thank you. Regards.
Oghenedoro Ohwojivwiogor.

What is Version Control?
    Version control is the process of tracking all the changes that has been made to a prticular project or code.

What is Git?
    Git is a version control application that can be used to monitor progress made in a project and manage the changes made to that project. It also allow team collaboration in a project.

What is the process of commiting a project to a git repository?
    First of all you create a new git repository with the name of your project.
    after creating the repository, 
    you go into the terminal section of your local machine,
    run the code { git init,} this will create a local git repository on your local device for the project.
    Then run the code { git add .} this will add all the files in your project to the git repository that has been created

Commit message:

I added my index.html file. and made some changes to the readme file

README.md, after:

This my git assignment on the project. 
I have dully watched the video and understood it very well.
Ask me questions relating to it, I will answer to the best of my knowledge.
Thank you. Regards.
Oghenedoro Ohwojivwiogor.

What is Version Control?
    Version control is the process of tracking all the changes that has been made to a prticular project or code.

What is Git?
    Git is a version control application that can be used to monitor progress made in a project and manage the changes made to that project. It also allow team collaboration in a project.

What is the process of commiting a project to a git repository?
    First of all you create a new git repository with the name of your project.
    after creating the repository, 
    you go into the terminal section of your local machine,
    run the code { git init,} this will create a local git repository on your local device for the project.
    Then run the code { git add .} this will add all the files in your project to the git repository that has been created on your local device.
    after that you run the code { git commit -m "my github project"} this will save all the changes that has been made to your project to your local git repository.
    after that you create a branch by running the code { git branch -M main }
    Link your local repository to the one you created on github websit by running this code { git remote add origin https://github.com/[username on git site]/[git repository name].git}
    and finally run the { git push -u origin main} command to push everything in your local repository to your github online repository also known as the remote repository.
